# March 2023 (v2.23.3.1) Release

## Welcome Epimap V2 !

This month is important for Epimap with a new version released! Let me introduce you Epimap v2. This new versions drasticaly improve maps embedded data system. 

it will allow better search and information
We profit to do lifting

### New Features:

- Add logger for warnings, errors and infos in a notification UI module: A colourful box could appear at bottom-right corner to inform user about maps loading error, deprecation or others informations

- Tips

- Color mode preference persistent: your personnal color mode (dark or light mode) is now saved in a cookie and restored from during your next session. In order to respect your privacy, this cookie is only on your browser and any data is sent to any server or service, so it is RGPD compliant.

## Maps update:

The following maps have been updated:

- Villejuif VA underground (Several fixes since last update: 2013)
- Villejuif VA groundfloor (Several fixes since last update: 2013)
- Villejuif VA 1st floor (Several fixes since last update: 2013)
- Villejuif VA 2nd floor (Several fixes since last update: 2013)
- Villejuif VA 3rd floor (Several fixes since last update: 2013)
- Villejuif VJC groundfloor (Add rooms labels to this new building)
- Villejuif VJC 1st floor (Add rooms labels to this new building)
- Villejuif VJC 2nd floor (Add rooms labels to this new building)
- Villejuif VJC 3rd floor (Add rooms labels to this new building)
- Kremlin-Bicêtre Voltaire Groundfloor (Scolarite replace Epita IA Institut)
- Kremlin-Bicêtre Voltaire 1st floor (Apply Cisco Summer 2022 Restoration)
- Kremlin-Bicêtre Paritalie 2nd floor (Apply department rooms modification)
- Kremlin-Bicêtre Paritalie 3rd floor (Apply department rooms modification)

Thanks to @Kolowy for his map contributions and support.

## Fixes:

- Fix navigation with History API: Set updated path as a new entry in browser history and not as an update of previous entry in order to enable History navigation. Thanks to @Matiboux for this contribution.

- Fix settings menu UI: Settings menu (accessible with 3 points at the right hand of headre) have a new layout. UI elements are also updated. In addition, darkmode is now applied in this menu.

## Privacy Enhancement

- What a news! Google APIs are no more called on Epimap, which means you now don't have ANY tracker on Epimap. The last one was dued to Google Font API, recently replaced by self-host font files.

## Issues:

Opened issues: #30, #31, #33, #34, #35

Closed issues: #23, #24, #27, #31, #33, #34, #35